Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- Everything looks so beautiful
from up here.
- I'll say.
- I've been thinking about you
all week.
I can't get you
out of my mind.
- I've been thinking
about you. too.
- God. you're amazing.
You know that?
What's wrong?
- It's just you deserve
more than this.
- This moment right here.
this is all I need.
- Tom.
- [sighs]
- I'm sorry. I can't.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- [crying]
Emma. you've gotta
talk to me.
- This isn't gonna work.
We can't do this anymore.
- Listen...
I know this is not
how we expected things to go.
But I really care about you.
You can't say you don't feel
the same way about me.
- How I feel doesn't matter.
- Emma.
Emma. wait.
Just meet with me tomorrow.
I don't want this to be
the last time I see you.
- We can't.
- Why?
- Because it's my anniversary.
I'm sorry. It's over.
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
- Mark Webster's office.
please hold.
Happy anniversary.
Mrs. Webster.
- Oh. they're beautiful.
Thank you.
- Thanks for waiting.
How can I help you?
No. I've already stated
that we have no comment.
- Stop it!
[wailing]
♪ ♪
[screaming]
- Thanks. Selena.
Hello. pumpkin.
I thought you were
gonna wear the red dress.
You know that's my favorite.
- I know. I just thought
that maybe we could
try something
a little different.
- It's okay.
There's still time to stop
by the apartment and change.
What's that?
- Nothing.
- Emma. you know that's only
going to trigger your anxiety.
- I'm sorry.
What are you
doing with my file?
- They're revoking his parole.
- Don't you wish you were still
putting guys like that in jail
instead of keeping them out?
- I don't miss living out
of a shoebox in Birmingham
wearing cheap suits.
and I don't miss doing
everyone else's dirty work.
Up here everyone else
does the dirty work for me.
Do you know
what I do miss. though?
I miss that carefree girl.
One of the few photos
I have of you
in front of the camera.
What was she thinking?
- I don't remember.
- Oh. sir.
Pardon me.
- You've met my wife.
haven't you?
- [clears throat]
I don't think so.
- Emma. this is Tom Gorman.
- We met at the Christmas party
last year. actually.
- That's right. You auctioned
off some of your photographs
you took for charity.
They were stunning.
- No. no.
You both know
it wasn't the Christmas party.
It was the holiday party.
lest we offend the PC police.
[laughing]
Much on for the weekend?
- Just paperwork.
somebody's gotta keep the--
[conversation indistinct]
[music building]
[dinging]
- Emma. darling.
- Yes?
- I drove.
- Right.
- Nice to meet you again.
Monday.
- Now. that was delicious.
- Would you like some dessert?
- I'm fine. Thank you.
- How is the gateau a la creme?
- It's to die for.
- Perfect.
We'll take two.
- Of course.
- I thought we
weren't doing gifts.
- I wanted to surprise
you tonight.
They say diamonds
are a girl's best friend.
but 11 years apparently
makes it our steel anniversary.
so I had this specially made.
- It's beautiful.
Thank you.
- Try it on.
- Oh. my gosh!
[chatter]
- Yay!
[applause]
- That was you not so long ago.
[snaps]
Hey.
You still with us?
- Yeah.
- I thought we weren't
doing gifts.
Super Bowl?
- Fifty yard line.
you did always say
that you wanted to go.
and I thought
that maybe this year
the Steelers would be in it.
- Not a chance.
They suck this year.
They're. like. 4-12.
Let me.
Happy anniversary. pumpkin.
[crying softly]
- [clears throat]
- Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
- I know it is none
of my business.
and I know that you feel
like you just made
a huge commitment out there.
but I just want you
to understand
that nothing is set in stone.
- Yeah. you're right.
It's none of your business.
- No. I--
I know. you're right.
I'm sorry.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
[chatter]
[horns blaring]
- Before we head on home.
there's one
final surprise. babe.
Check your pockets.
♪ ♪
- Can you please just tell me
where we're going?
- No.
We're almost there. I promise.
- You've been saying that
for an hour.
- Yeah. but this time
I mean it.
Just try and have some fun.
would you? Come on.
- Being blindfolded
for over an hour
really isn't my idea of fun.
- It was when we first
got married.
♪ ♪
- I'm not--I'm not doing this.
I can't do it. I feel carsick.
I'm taking it off. I don't--
- Stop.
You're gonna
ruin the surprise.
- Mark. I really don't know
what kind of weird game
you're playing.
but I don't want
to fool around.
Mark.
Mark. where are we going?
The lake house?
- Surprise. I had them
prepare it for us today.
- It's so strange
in the winter.
- We have a lot of
happy memories here.
I thought maybe
we can rekindle some of them.
- 75. 76.
77. 78. 79--
Fuck it.
- "I love you
with all my heart.
Till death do us part."
[light. tense music]
♪ ♪
[wind howling]
[clattering]
[door rattling]
♪ ♪
[clicking]
- ♪ Lies with every eye ♪
- [gasps]
♪ Sitting on my nose ♪
♪ Flowers on the wall ♪
♪ Keep growing high ♪
♪ Realizing no time ♪
♪ No time left at all ♪
♪ A falling leaf am I ♪
♪ A falling leaf ♪
♪ Am I ♪
♪ Let him in all upon ♪
♪ Showing no life at all ♪
♪ Missing water
and heat and ground ♪
♪ And looking to the sky ♪
♪ Grim reaper comes ♪
♪ Hoping grass was tall ♪
♪ Wind. please help me ♪
♪ A falling leaf ♪
- Took you long enough.
You know. it's really not fair.
- What?
- That you just get more
beautiful as you get older.
- Well. I started out
very ugly.
- Mm.
[music continues]
♪ ♪
- Emma. I know
that things
have been bad between us.
been bad for a while.
and I'm sorry.
You've been through so much.
and I haven't been
a good husband.
I know one stupid
anniversary surprise
isn't gonna fix everything.
but it's a start.
We owe it that much. don't we?
- ♪ Laying here in pieces ♪
♪ Day's work all been done ♪
♪ Guess I got
what man receives ♪
♪ On plain reality ♪
♪ But wait
my knees are falling ♪
♪ Falling everywhere ♪
♪ Are we not all
falling leaves? ♪
♪ Are we not all ♪
♪ Falling leaves ♪
[song ends]
[wind howling]
- Oh. my God.
It's freezing.
- Morning. sweetheart.
How are you feeling?
- Hungover.
- Mm.
Did you dream
beautiful things?
- Ah--
What the fuck is this?
What is this?
Mark? Mark?
- It's time to wake up.
[gunshot]
[muffled ringing]
Oh. shit!
[grunting]
Help!
[panting]
[dialing]
Please.
[off-hook tone]
[phone clatters]
[gun clicks]
[clicking]
Oh.
[sighs]
[grunting]
[straining efforts]
[eerie tone]
♪ ♪
[thumping]
[straining efforts]
[grunting]
Ah!
Uh!
Oh.
[wind howling]
[panting]
Ow.
[grunting]
[laughs]
[thud]
[panting]
No. [sighs]
[grunting]
Oh. come on. Come on.
Please help me.
please. please.
Yes!
No. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no! Fuck!
[phone clatters]
[grunts]
Keys. Fuck yes!
[exhales]
Oh.
[eerie tone]
♪ ♪
[grunting]
[exhales sharply]
[struggling efforts]
[grunts]
[alarm blaring]
[panting]
Thought you would be lighter
without all that blood.
Oh. Okay. Oh. come on.
Come on. come on. come on.
[engine starts]
Yes!
[shuddering]
[engine sputters. shuts down]
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
[starting engine]
[grunts]
Fuck.
[sighs]
[panting]
Oh. motherfucker.
Why?
- ♪ It's so very hard to find ♪
♪ To need someone to love ♪
- Our wedding tune.
- [gasps]
- Remember?
- [shuddering]
I have to admit. I'm impressed
you made it this far.
You should have knelt
at my feet
after everything
I did for you.
When I met you.
you were nothing--
a failed photographer
with no money. no hope.
My only regret
is not being there
to see the look
on your face right now.
I don't want to give you
the satisfaction of thinking
I put a bullet in my head
because of your disobedience.
but I was being called away.
and I couldn't just sit back
and watch you live
happily ever after. with him.
[kisses]
Happy anniversary. pumpkin.
- [exhales]
- ♪ Need somebody ♪
♪ At least that's what
some people say ♪
- [grunts]
[water running]
[panting]
♪ ♪
- No.
No. fuck.
Ah.
Ohh!
No!
Oh. [panting]
[door creaks]
[thudding]
[pulls switch]
Okay. Okay.
[panting]
Fuck.
[grunting. panting]
You can do this.
I can do this.
[grunts]
Ah!
Ow. [grunts]
You fucking hypocrite!
How many fucking times
did I wash lipstick and glitter
off of your fucking shirts?
[groans]
[grunting]
I was dragging around
that lifeless corpse of yours
long before you put a bullet
in that deranged head of yours.
You just didn't know it yet.
[light music]
♪ ♪
[grunts]
[groaning]
Ahh.
[panting]
- I'm gonna cut myself
free of you.
if it's the last thing I do.
[grunting]
Oh.
Ow.
[grunts]
[record static scratching]
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
[dramatic sting]
[knife stabbing]
[screaming]
[static stops]
[beeping]
- It's 11:26 a.m.
July 2nd.
I'm the assistant
district attorney.
and we'll be personally
overseeing your case.
I know you're weak and tired.
but we need you
to tell us everything
about the attack last night.
- He came out of the shadows.
and he--
he ripped the camera
out of my hands.
I made a--a run for it.
I tried to run. and then
that's when I felt. um...
[knife stabbing]
[screaming]
the--the knife.
I-I went to scream for help
but--
- It's okay.
The detective mentioned
you mutilated your attacker.
- My keys--um. I had--
I had my keys
clenched in my fist. and--
[keys stabbing]
- [screaming]
- That's the last thing
that I remember.
- Hey. you're safe now.
You're safe.
I promise.
We've apprehended--
[grunting]
Fuck!
[screams]
[dark music]
♪ ♪
[vehicle approaching]
[car door closes]
♪ ♪
[footsteps approaching]
[knocking]
- No!
- Ahh!
Ohh.
- Ah.
- Tom?
- You broke my nose.
- What are you doing here?
- You gotta be
kidding me. right?
Does. "I fucked up. and I need
your help" ring a bell?
- What?
- The message you sent me.
- Tom. I didn't send you
a message.
- Do you have any idea
the shitstorm your husband's
caused back at the office?
Is that blood on your shirt?
- Oh. Tom. Mark sent you
those messages.
- Is he here?
- Most of him.
- What do you mean?
- Jesus fucking Christ.
- Mark shot himself.
- He what?
What the fuck happened?
- He handcuffed himself to me.
and then he shot himself
in the head.
- Is it because of us?
- I'm pretty sure it was
because he was insane.
- Okay.
Okay.
If you--
Should we cover his--
- His what?
- I'm sorry. I haven't seen
my boss in his boxers before.
I'm freaking out a little bit.
- You're freaked out?
- Why would he do this?
Shit. the raid.
- The what?
- Last night the DA raided
his entire office.
They placed charges
against Mark--
evidence of tampering
on multiple cases.
This is why
I tried to call you.
- So this fuckstain
knew his entire career
was going down the drain.
and so he's just trying
to drag me down too.
Fuck.
- You call the police?
- He trashed my phone.
- Okay. We got time
to get our story straight.
- What story?
He killed himself.
- You washed your face?
- Yeah. I rinsed
my dead husband's
blood and brains off. Why?
Do you think that I did this?
- Of course not. but the cop is
gonna ask you that question.
- Okay. so let a cop
ask that question.
I'll tell him
the fucking truth.
- You gotta understand.
the truth is not necessarily
your best friend right now.
Trust me.
I do this for a living.
- So what do I do?
I lie to the police.
- No. We manage the truth.
This doesn't look good
for either of us.
- I don't give a shit about
looking good right now.
- Well. you gave a shit
five minutes ago
when you washed the evidence
off your face.
- Call the fucking police.
- Listen.
- Have you stopped to think
about why
Mark sent you that message?
Because I woke up handcuffed
to my dead husband
whose carcass
I've been dragging
around the entire house.
He siphoned all of the gas
out of the car.
He thought to remove
every sharp object.
I have been chained
to this nightmare all day.
Do you really think
that he sent you that text
so you could come here
and you could save me?
Call the police!
- Okay. You're right.
Shit.
I left it on charge.
Do you recognize that car?
- No.
- Passed him about a mile back.
He was parked up
on the side of the road.
- Tom. we have to run.
- How do you expect to do that?
Listen.
okay let me handle this.
- No. You can't go out there.
- The only thing this guys
knows for sure
is that I'm here. that's it.
You lock the door.
and don't open it
for anybody else
that's not me. Okay?
- No. no. no. no.
- Don't open it
for anybody who's not me.
- No. no. Tom.
Shit.
- Lock the door.
- Shit.
Tom. be careful.
- Can I help you?
- Yeah. I sure hope so.
Are you the owner
of the property?
- No.
Gotta come back another time.
- Yeah. see. a Mr. Webster.
hired us to fix a burst pipe.
you know?
Said he'd be here today
to let us inside.
- Well. like I said
no one's here. so--
How much did he say
he was going to pay you?
I'll cover it.
and you can be on your way.
- Do you mind
if we settle inside?
It's cold as a witch's tit
out here. you know?
- Actually I do.
How much?
- I. uh--
We agreed upon an even 200.
- Here's 50 on top.
- Ain't you a gentleman?
- Drive safe.
- Actually. uh.
Mind if I use your facilities?
I just drove
all the way from Buffalo.
and I'm about ready
to burst. you know?
- It's out of order.
- Out of order?
Listen. you got a problem
with me or something?
- You said you drove from
Buffalo. over 250 miles
just to fix a burst pipe?
With Indiana plates?
I gave you what you came for.
and still you're standing here.
so yeah. I got a problem
with you or something.
I think you should leave.
[engine stops]
[door opens]
- Listen. why don't you
just let us inside
so we can do our job.
all right?
- Look. fuck off. now!
- All right. All right.
We don't have to do this.
all right. we could just--
- I've already notified
the police.
- Just walk away.
- I suggest you get
back in your car.
- Please. please. Bob--
[stabbing]
- [grunts. groans]
- Shit!
[struggling efforts]
[screams]
[grunting]
[stabbing]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Holy shit.
Jesus. Bobby.
You killed him.
You fuckin' killed him.
You fuck--
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. man.
- Hey. hey. careful.
They got your prints on file.
- He's already called the cops.
- No because if he did.
we would have heard it
over the scanner.
- Oh. shit.
Bobby. we're fucked. man.
Oh. my God.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
What are we doing. Bob?
What are you fucking doing?
- You just fuckin' relax.
- What are we doing here.
Bobby?
Bobby. we gotta go.
We gotta go.
- Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy.
- Look at this shit.
- No.
- Calm down. Calm down.
Hey. shh. listen. It's fine.
It's fine.
- You said--
you said
you were gonna tie him up.
You said nothing
about killing a man.
- I know. and I'm sorry. okay.
but listen little brother.
I need you to focus right now.
Okay. We need to
find her still. All right?
- Don't leave me. What are you
going to do when you find her?
- Listen. you just yell out
if you spot her.
Jimmy. okay?
♪ ♪
- [panting]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Oh.
[panting]
♪ ♪
[grunting]
[sickening thud]
Ah!
[thwacking]
- [grunts]
♪ ♪
Jesus fucking Christ!
[grunting]
Bobby. Bobby!
♪ ♪
It's over there.
What's wrong?
Hey. careful.
the ice could be thin.
God. [retching]
Looks like
the wolves got to him.
- You ever seen
a wolf use an anchor?
Aw. fuck. It's him.
- Who?
- The guy who hired us. Fuck.
- That's the guy that hired us?
The lawyer that put you away?
- Yeah. we found common ground.
- Bobby. what the fuck
are we still doing here then?
- We're not leaving
until we open that safe.
- Well. then let's go.
Let's go and do it
and leave this girl behind.
Huh? Lawyer dude's
fucking dead. huh?
Contract's null and dead.
- You don't understand.
There were two people who knew
the combination to that safe.
And one of them is now missing
part of his head.
Just give me a second to think.
- She could be
miles away by now.
- Not without shoes.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- [breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[liquid sloshes]
- Bobby!
- Yeah?
- This is some
pretty high tech shit.
- Any chance
of blowing it open?
- [exhales] Not without turning
everything inside into dust.
- Shit.
- Yeah. and that's not
the worst of it.
See this model?
Well. it needs a combination
and a fingerprint.
- Hers?
- Maybe.
I mean. it would have
to be programmed in.
so I'd put my money on him.
- There's only one way
to find out.
- I mean. what do I look
like the fucking undertaker?
In and out. you said.
We open the safe.
and we split the diamonds.
- All right. I'll get the body.
You find the girl.
- Fuck you. man.
[grunting. straining]
You gotta be
fucking kidding me.
[grunts]
♪ ♪
- Fuckin' hell.
20 fuckin' minutes.
I'm out here
freezing my nuts off.
Why don't you get
the fuckin' body?
[crackling. squishing]
[groans] Ohh.
- [sighs]
[pumping]
[footsteps approaching]
[opens knife]
[hissing]
- [struggling efforts]
Oh. God.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[struggling efforts]
- Shit.
♪ ♪
[car alarm blaring]
- What did you do?
- Nothing. It wasn't me.
- Can you switch it off?
[alarm continues]
20 minutes. in and out.
That's what you said.
Bobby. Bobby. Bobby. Bobby.
Just listen to me. okay?
She's already put you
behind bars once before.
Don't make
the same mistake again.
- The only mistake I made was
leaving her still breathing.
- She could be anywhere by now.
It's over.
- No. it's not.
- It's over.
- It's not.
Ten years I spent--
- No. Get off me.
- Please. Look at me.
Ten years I spent inside
that cage. ten fucking years.
while they repossessed
our house.
the house that we grew up in.
while Pop got sick.
This bitch took everything
from us. Jimmy.
and those diamonds
are compensation for that.
Okay?
And we are still in the game.
How do you think
she triggered the car alarm?
- The keys.
- Why?
- Because we were
right next to her.
- Yes. She wanted
to distract us
because she's still
in the house. okay?
We got this. You take the back.
I'll take the front. okay?
- Yeah. all right.
- Good boy.
Go on.
You're good.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[creaking]
[thud. creaking]
[unsheathes knife]
♪ ♪
[grunts]
- Bobby.
Bobby? Bobby.
Bobby. Holy shit.
Bobby. Bobby. what the hell
happened? Huh?
- [grunts]
- Ah! Ah. ah.
No. no. no. no.
No! Bobby! Bobby. get up!
[intense music]
♪ ♪
[starts engine]
Ah!
- No. No. no. stop. please.
Don't--
- Fucker. [grunting]
- 911. what's the emergency?
- Help!
- Ma'am?
Ma'am.
can you hear me?
- She called the cops?
- Yeah. she tried to.
- Shit!
We gotta get out of here.
- Jimmy.
- Listen. the cops are gonna
trace the call.
- We're in the middle
of nowhere. okay.
We still have time.
- Bobby. Bobby. listen. Listen.
- No. we're not leaving here
until we're done.
- Well. then I'm telling you
I'm done. All right?
- Listen to me.
you ungrateful little prick.
We are five fucking minutes
away from 200 grand in rocks.
All right? So you drag
that corpse up those stairs
or you fucking become one.
Do you understand me?
- Ah!
- Yeah. yeah. Now. fucking go!
- I don't know the combination.
- We'll see about that.
[indistinct chatter]
- Emma? Emma?
It's a beautiful thing.
Time to wake up.
Wake up.
- Ah! Ow.
Ah.
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[sliding]
- Figured you'd want to spend
your last precious moments
with the old ball and chain.
- [panting]
- Such a perfect couple.
- I already told you
that I don't know
the combination to the safe.
No.
[panting]
[struggling efforts]
- Bobby. Bobby. we don't need
to do this.
- No. No. no. no. no. no. no!
- Stay down! Stay there!
There it is. My shadow.
Half my world went dark
that night.
but there's a light
on the other side of that door.
and the combination according
to your husband
is the day
that he proposed to you.
- Okay. what do you expect
me to do?
Just give you the date so you
can kill me right afterwards?
- I expect you to scream.
- Uh!
- No. no. no. no. no. no.
Please stop.
- We'll see how quiet you stay
with no fucking toes.
- Bobby.
- Help me!
- Stop. Bobby.
- Okay. No.
- Don't you fuckin' move.
Stay there.
- Ah. oh!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. please. please.
[gun cocks]
- Jimmy. what are you doing?
- No one else
needs to get hurt.
- Gimme the gun.
- No.
- Gimme the gun now.
- Fuck you!
- Fuck me?
- Fuck you. you sicken me.
Go stand by the safe.
Leave the knife.
Man. I swear--
- Fuck.
Okay.
Come on. what the fuck
are you gonna do then?
- Okay. Here's what's
gonna happen.
All right.
You give us the combination.
we take the diamonds
and leave you here alive.
- Jesus Christ. what do you
think she's gonna do?
The moment she's outta here.
she's gonna go
straight to the cops.
- Shut up! Fuck!
Who do you think is
the first person the cops
are going to come looking for
when they find her
dead body. huh?
You already put a target
on our backs. you dumb fuck.
We should never have come here.
- I'll give it to you. but you
gotta fuckin' cut me loose.
- Combination first.
- Fuck that.
Not as long as I'm attached
to this fuckin' piece of shit.
- Jimmy. we don't have
fucking time.
Just let me cut the date
out of her. and we're done.
- I pick open those handcuffs
and you give me
the combination.
but no one is leaving
until that safe is open.
All right? Okay?
- Fine.
- Okay. but let's hurry it
the fuck along then. shall we?
Come on. Jimmy. Let's go.
- Here. Just gimme
the handcuffs.
- Okay. Let's have
that date.
- July 29th. 2011.
♪ ♪
[beeps. clicks]
- What the fuck?
- What?
- "The diamonds you seek
lay close to her heart."
- The necklace. The diamonds
are in the necklace.
- It doesn't open.
It doesn't come off.
- Let me try.
Where's the clasp?
- There isn't one. This fucker
made it so it won't open.
- All right.
Jesus. what's
this thing made of?
- He doesn't want us to cut
the necklace off her.
He wants us to cut her
off the necklace.
- No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. I got this.
I got this.
- Get it off. Get it off.
Please.
- I can break this off.
I can break this off.
- Shit.
- Hold it out.
[grunting]
No. no. please.
- Jimmy. get out
of the fuckin' way.
- No. no. no. please.
just let me have a go.
Let me cut it.
[grunts]
[gun clicks]
♪ ♪
- Ah!
[coughing]
- No. Bobby. Bobby!
I'm not gonna
let you do this!
I'm not losing you again!
- Jimmy. stop. Get off me!
God dammit. Jimmy!
- Stop it.
- Get off me!
[sickening thud]
♪ ♪
- No. no. no.
[cracking]
- Oh.
- This is all your fault.
You fuckin' did this.
I'm gonna cut
your fuckin' head off.
- Fuck you.
[struggling efforts]
[knife clatters]
- Ah!
[both grunting]
- [screams]
- [grunts]
Fucking bitch!
♪ ♪
[screams]
Ow! Ohh!
[panting]
- [groans]
Oh. God.
[starting engine]
Please. please. please.
[engine stalling]
[thud]
[turning key]
[engine starts]
Ah!
[tires screech]
Ohh.
[tires grinding]
♪ ♪
Fuck.
- Ohh!
- Fuck you!
Shit.
♪ ♪
- [groans]
[grunting]
- ♪ Sometimes I wonder ♪
♪ Sometimes I wonder ♪
- [grunts]
Fuck!
[song continues on radio]
[struggling efforts]
- There's nowhere to run.
you bitch!
[grunting]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- [grunting]
- Ahh!
- [panting]
You fucking bitch!
Ah!
[grunts]
[both grunt]
[ice cracking]
[struggling efforts]
[cracking]
- [laughs]
- [grunting]
- Ahh!
[cracking]
- [screams]
♪ ♪
[cracking]
[inhales. coughing]
[panting]
[light music]
♪ ♪
[siren wailing]
[sirens approaching]
♪ ♪